[Boyd] Previously on From...
[Ethan]
Ever since you fell asleep
and your eyes got all white,
you've been different.
All I remember
is being more scared
than I've ever been
in my entire life.
[screaming]
[Tillie] You really need
to get some rest.
Boyd said it was okay
to sleep again.
It's not that. It's--
I feel like something
is watching me.
[breathing rapidly]
Help me.
You're--
you're Victor's father.
Miranda used to call it
the bottle tree.
The original is in a park
a few towns over.
You need to take me
there right now.
[engine roaring,
horn honking]
- Aah!
- [crash]
- [siren wailing]
- Where am I?
There's a tree in the middle
of the road.
- [crows cawing]
- Just take a detour!
- Go around it!
- You have to listen to me.
It's not safe to stop out here
once it gets dark.
There are things in this town
that will hurt us.
- [screeching]
- [yelping]
- Jim!
- Tabitha.
Please help us!
- There's a toolkit on the bus.
- I got it.
I can't find the fucking keys!
Are you looking for these?
We get to keep Randall, though.
- [buzzing]
- [screeching]
- What the fuck?
- [grunts]
- [woman] What was that?
- [man] Nicky's been shot!
She's bleeding internally.
Nicky, stay with me.
[pants]
You look much better.
You've been eating
a little more?
[Fatima] Yeah.
Finally found something
I could keep down.
[Boyd] Donna?
[sobbing]
Why is this happening?
Why can't they stop?
[gasping, coughing]
Everyone out of the way.
Out of the way!
Clear a path!
We're gonna need
some fresh towels!
Okay. This needs moving.
[woman] Okay, okay. Out of
the way. Out of the way.
All right. Get him down.
[people chattering]
[grunting]
[woman] Hurry!
- Please. Please!
- [woman] What happened?
- Get him some water.
- Jesus.
- Tell us what you need.
- [Randall groaning]
Easy.
Here.
Um, um, uh, I need something
to clean and stitch his face,
and I need more towels!
- Why would they do this?
- Boyd?
- [Randall groaning louder]
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right. Okay.
No, no. Stop! Okay. No, no, no.
Hey. Oh. It's all right.
Stop. Take it easy.
Take it easy. Take it easy.
No, no, no.
You're gonna hurt yourself.
Take it easy.
You did this. You fucking
left me out there, man.
You fucking left me
out there!
You did this.
You fucking left me!
♪
["Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will
Be, Will Be)" plays]
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
[grunting]
Hey, what happened?
Where the hell did
that come from?
- [Kenny] Okay. Easy.
- It was a long night. Come on.
- Is everyone okay?
- Yeah.
Kristi! Oh, my God!
- [Kristi] I'm okay.
- Jesus.
Okay. It could have
been a lot worse.
Here.
Let's get you inside.
- Yep.
- Ow, ow.
- Careful.
- Here.
- I got her.
- Okay.
[Kristi grunting]
Where's the food?
Dale and the others
are bringing it to storage.
What the hell
happened last night?
Boyd.
Tabitha's back.
What?
She was on the ambulance
when it came into town.
How?
Those weird trees in the forest,
she went through one.
She said it took her
to a lighthouse.
There's a meeting
in the diner this afternoon.
- Hey!
- It's okay.
Just let him go.
Let's go. All right.
Okay.
[people chattering quietly]
I don't think that's
quite your style.
I was told I could look
through these.
Of course.
What's ours is yours.
Thanks.
I, uh, I've sent some people
out to look for Victor.
It's not a big town.
I-I-If I'd known I--
I was gonna see him, I...
[chuckling]
...I would have worn
a better shirt.
[chuckles]
You know what?
There is a closet upstairs
where we keep the good stuff.
How 'bout we get
you fixed up?
I'd appreciate that.
Okay. Let's do that.
Come on.
- Up here.
- [door creaks]
I thought you said Jasper
was in the tunnels.
He is.
We need supplies.
We can't go into the tunnels
unless we have supplies.
What supplies?
We need to make sure
we don't get lost.
[door closes]
What happened?
Last night was...
It was a bad night.
I'll wait outside.
[footsteps approaching]
- Victor.
- [door opens]
- Who died?
- [door closes]
Um... Nicky.
Oh.
And Randall
got pretty torn up.
He's at
the clinic now.
I need some things
from my room.
Um, look, Victor.
Here. Come.
Come. with me.
Come on. Um...
[lowered voice] Something else
happened last night.
What?
- Tabitha came back.
- Really?
And she had
someone with her.
Victor, your dad is here.
- That's not possible. He--
- He's upstairs.
- No.
- Look, look.
I know this is a lot
to take in.
- No. No. No.
- Victor.
No. No. No.
- Victor!
- No!
That was quick.
Did you... Hey.
Victor!
Where are you going?
Victor, will you please
just tell me what happened?
I thought you said we
were going to get Jasper.
Hey, stop!
You're not being fair.
You came into my house,
you made me sit
in that fort, and now--
Donna said
my dad is here.
What? How?
It doesn't matter.
You should go home.
Uh, we'll
get Jasper later.
So, what was it like?
Uh, it was, um--
You know, it was scary,
waking up in the hospital,
not knowing if it was real
or if I was still dreaming.
So, you really
talked to Grandma?
I did.
I just-- I just
don't understand.
How do you go from
a lighthouse in the woods
to a hospital
in Maine?
Honey, I don't--
I don't know.
I wish I could explain.
The important thing is
that she's back,
and we're all together.
- [door opens]
- [Jade] Hey!
- [door closes]
- I need to talk to you.
- Hey. Back off, man.
No, no, no. No.
Jim, it's okay.
It's okay.
Please.
Boyd said...
[exhales deeply]
Boyd said you went
through a tree?
They're called
Farway trees.
There's a bunch of them
in the forest,
but this one
has bottles on it.
The lighthouse.
Was it the same lighthouse
Miranda was looking for?
I mean, it has to be.
Can you get back there
without the tree?
I don't know.
I don't-- I don't know.
Okay. Then we need to
go to the tree.
All right. So, hold on.
She just got back,
and you want to do what?
I'm not saying go through
it again, but I need to see it.
I've been there, okay?
It was the first place I looked
when she didn't come back.
There is--
there is nothing to see.
Oh. You mean besides
the magic tree.
Uh...
Okay. The bottles.
What about the bottles?
Was there anything special
about them?
I took a few of 'em down.
There were slips of paper inside
with numbers written on them.
Oh, my God. And you don't
think that's important?
I think this place
does a pretty great job
on messing with our heads.
Wait. No. This is different.
It has to be.
Look. I get that this place is
one giant mindfuck, but--
[clears throat]
Pardon my French.
But she went home, okay?
That's not a trick.
It's not a dream!
That's real, and there is
a whole town full of people
who are gonna be banging down
your door demanding answers
whether you have them or not.
Take me to the tree.
Let's see if
we can find some.
I told Boyd that I was gonna
go to that town meeting.
Oh, fuck the town meeting!
Sorry.
Uh, okay. Look.
Town meeting isn't gonna
solve anything,
but going to the tree,
at least it's a start.
[grunting]
We had to leave some of the food
back at the settlement.
We, uh, we'll probably need
to send another team out
before the next snowfall.
Yeah. We'll figure it out.
Boyd, there is
something out there,
something different.
We heard it both times now,
walking around
outside the cabins at night.
Okay.
If walking around is
all it's doing,
then, uh, we got
bigger things to worry about.
[scoffs]
[sighs]
[Randall grunting]
What they did to Randall...
Why'd they leave him alive?
Why not just kill him?
[Boyd] I think they
want us to look at him.
When the sun's up,
they want us to remember
what's coming at night.
Part of the thing that
keeps people sane here
is we get to pretend
during the daytime,
pretend that we're safe.
With Randall walking around,
then we don't get
to pretend anymore.
I removed the bullet,
stabilized her.
One minute, she was fine,
and then all of a sudden,
she wasn't.
Jesus.
- [inhales sharply]
- Sorry.
[groans] yeah.
Okay.
God. It's a miracle
there are no fractures.
- Mari.
- Probably have ligament damage.
This should be elevated. I'm
gonna get you another pillow.
Mari, just stop
for a second, please.
Look, last night
wasn't easy,
and it wasn't
your fault, okay?
Yeah, well...
tell that to Nicky.
I'm telling you.
Look. I know what
it's like. I just... [sighs]
I don't--
I don't want you to--
What?
If you think
I'm gonna start spiraling
and stealing morphine
again--
- I didn't--I didn't say that.
- Well, you didn't have to.
- [groans]
- Hey. Come here.
Come here.
Hey, you are
the patient right now.
Can you please just
stop worrying about me
and let me
worry about you?
Can we worry
about each other?
[chuckles]
[Randall groaning in pain]
I gotta go.
- Wait.
- Just get some rest, yeah?
- [door opens]
- [sighs]
[sighs]
[Randall groaning in pain]
- No. Boyd--
- I just wanna help.
I understand that.
Boyd, you being here
is just gonna
make things worse.
[grunting]
I'm sorry.
No. You're right.
Look,
people need you out there.
They're gonna need you at
the meeting later--both of you.
There's only so much
people can take,
and now,
with Tabitha being back,
the fact that she went home--
- [grunting]
- I gotta--
- Yeah.
[groaning]
Hey, Randall. It's okay.
Squeeze my hand.
I'm going to take a look.
- All right.
- Yeah.
[Marielle] Yeah.
You're okay.
This is where he stays...
...most of the time.
Oh.
Uh, it--it's, uh...
[chuckles]
It's a little different from
his room at home. [chuckles]
[exhales deeply]
For the first few years,
every time
I'd turn a corner,
there'd be
this little spark of hope
that maybe, just maybe,
I'd see all of them there--
Miranda, Eloise, Victor.
[stammers] And they--
they'd smile and laugh.
We'd all cry together about what
a terrible mistake it all was.
[chuckles] Then...
That was the hardest part...
that little bit of hope.
[sighs]
That was the part
I-I couldn't bear.
As the years went by,
it became easier
to tell myself they were dead.
They were gone.
So, that's what I did.
All that time,
my little boy was here, alone.
What kind of man gives up
on his family?
No wonder he doesn't wanna
talk to me.
Just give him
a little time.
He'll come 'round.
[exhales deeply]
Sorry to interrupt,
but, uh, we're all
heading to the meeting.
I'll be right there.
Meeting?
People have a lot of questions
about what happened,
about Tabitha.
Sure.
It was kind of a big deal
that she got out of here.
[indistinct conversations]
[Dale] Come on.
Come on!
Okay, everybody,
just take a seat.
- Hey, come on in.
- [Donna] Sit down here. Come on.
[door closes]
[Boyd] Everybody grab--
grab a seat.
All right, everybody.
Okay. All right.
All right. Look.
I understand that everybody
wants answers, right?
- [all chattering]
- So do I, all right?
But the truth is,
there's no easy explanations
to any of this, okay?
- There's nothing that--
- Where the hell is Tabitha?
[all] Yeah. Yeah.
She's coming, all right?
Just try to remember,
she's been through a lot.
All due respect, Boyd, but we've
all been through a lot.
- [woman] That's right.
- [all murmuring]
- I understand that.
- [Dale] Are--are you sure?
'Cause I feel like if you had
any clue about anything,
she'd be the one
talking instead of you.
[all] Yeah.
Look. Everybody
calm the fuck down.
Hey, why were you
in the ambulance?
Well, uh, we were
in an accident.
I was taking Tabitha
to a park near my--
Tabitha's here.
[chattering]
What do I say?
Just tell 'em the truth.
[chattering]
- Thanks for coming.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you really
go through a tree?
Hey, let's let her talk.
It's okay. Um, uh, I did. Yes.
Um...
I-I imagine some
of you already know this,
but, um, there are
some trees in the forest
that aren't like
the other trees.
Hey. Town meeting's
already started.
Yeah. I just gotta
grab something.
[door closes]
[knock on door]
Hello?
Why did you bring me here?
[Fatima]
'Cause I wanted you to see
that if you climb
high enough,
even a nightmare can
look like a dream.
Hello?
- [sighs] Hey, Elgin.
- [grunts]
[gasps] Oh, my--
What the fuck?
I'm so sorry. I--
[stammers] I thought you--
- Oh, my God.
- I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
No. Not really. I...
- I'm sorry.
- Uh, no. Wait.
I could use some company,
if you're not, uh,
you know, busy.
Sure.
Victor?
What are you doing?
It's cold out here.
I never drew
pictures of him.
What?
When I was alone here,
I never...
I always drew pictures
of things that I saw,
because I knew
the pictures would remember,
but I never--
I never drew pictures
of what came before.
And now I told myself
that was a dream and that--
that he was...
Victor...
None of that matters.
- He's here.
- [murmurs]
Somehow,
your father is here,
and he's waiting
for you back in town.
No. No. He's waiting
for a little boy
that drove away
a long time ago.
What's he gonna think...
...when he sees... me?
[sighs]
I don't know.
I know I'm supposed to
tell you that it'll be okay,
and he'll love you
no matter what.
But I don't know if
that's true.
You're really bad at this.
Sorry.
I don't know you that well,
but you seem like
a really good person,
and that's something
to be proud of here.
I would give anything to feel
like a good person again.
Maybe...
Maybe you're not the only one
who's afraid.
Maybe he's afraid
of not being the dad
that little boy remembers.
So, you see this woman
in the kimono
even when you're awake?
Now, I do. Yeah.
Well, is she trying
to hurt you?
I thought she was
at first,
but when I saw her
last night,
she asked
me for my help.
With what?
I don't know.
If my grandma was here,
she'd probably tell me
it was an angel
or somethin'.
"Remember now, there's a reason
why angels say 'Fear not'
when they saw someone.
Even Gabriel was terrifying."
[chuckles] Wow.
Look at you,
Mr. Bible Study.
- [chuckles]
- [scoffs]
You wanna know
the fucked up part?
I would take the creepy
kimono woman in a heartbeat
over the shit
I hear in my head now.
[laughs]
Like what?
Mostly just screaming.
But I don't...
[sighs] I don't just hear it.
It's like...
It's like
I can feel it, too.
This is the only thing
that makes it quiet.
You talk
to your folks about it?
What are they gonna do?
[exhales deeply]
[coughs]
They're in the diner
right now with everyone else,
trying to figure out what
it means that my mom got out.
[scoffs]
What do you think it means?
Honestly, I don't think
it means anything.
I think
this whole place exists...
I think it's just here
to make us suffer.
Maybe that's why it
let her out.
What do you mean?
Best way to make us suffer
is to give us hope.
I don't think
it's ever gonna let us go.
You're so depressing
when you're stoned.
[coughs and laughs]
Sorry.
[laughter]
[Tabitha] And then
the next thing I knew,
um, the ambulance had stopped.
The driver said that there was a
tree in the middle of the road,
and you all know
how things go from there.
Come on in.
- [door closes]
- When you were out there...
did you
contact anyone?
Did you let the police,
anyone know about this place?
- [townspeople] Yes.
- Uh, I-I really wanted to.
- Oh. Are you fucking kidding me?
- [all murmuring]
- Watch your mouth.
- [woman 1] Come on.
- [woman 2] That could be it.
- Um, you don't understand.
They--they wouldn't
have believed me.
Tabitha,
you don't know that.
Look. [grunts] All due respect,
when she told me,
I thought she was
out of her mind.
But you believed her.
Eventually, you believed her.
To be fair,
my circumstances
are a little different
than the average person.
Look.
I-I was in the ambulance
when she was begging us
to turn around,
and we thought
she was hysterical.
What is she
even doing here?
- She killed someone last night.
- [all] Yeah.
- All right. Oh, hey, hey!
- Come on!
Hey! Look.
That was an accident.
- [woman] Accident?
- Oh, yeah, sure.
Everything's an accident
unless it's somebody that you
and Queen Bee here don't like.
[Clara] I'm sorry to say this,
but you had an opportunity
that none of us have ever had
before, and you blew it.
- [woman 1] Yeah.
- [woman 2] Wow.
- Excuse me.
- We're just waiting here.
What exactly would you
have done, huh?
What would any of you
have done?
- Hey.
- [Dale] Well, I wouldn't have
taken a day trip to the park.
- [woman] Yeah. Something.
- That's not what it was.
- I wasn't taking a day trip.
- [Fatima] You were out there
in the real world
where people can help.
How could you not take
advantage of that?
- [man] Right.
- Yeah, they may have thought
you were crazy,
but what if they didn't?
What if somebody
believed you?
Well, someone believed me,
and look where he is!
He's sitting
right here with us!
- Tabitha.
- Look. I'm sure everyone
could have done
a better job than what I did,
and I'm so sorry you didn't
have that opportunity.
I'm sorry I don't have
your answers.
I'm--I'm sorry.
I-- I can't do this.
I can't do this. I'm sorry.
- [woman] Tabitha, please.
- [Dale] Oh, come on!
Not now.
That's enough.
- I can't.
- Oh, my God.
Hey, listen. Listen.
The most important part
of all of this...
- [door closes]
- ...the thing that we cannot
lose sight of is
Tabitha got out.
For all the good
it seems to have done.
No, no, but it's--
it's not about the fact
that she is back here.
It's that someone got home.
It's not just hoping
and wishing anymore.
We have concrete proof now.
It's possible.
Great. Where's the tree?
- What?
- [woman] Really.
Where... is... the... tree?
[townspeople] Yeah!
Everybody just calm down.
Slow down for a second.
We gotta think about this, okay?
Well, what is there
to think about?
Tabitha went through the tree
and got home, right?
Why aren't we all lining up
to do the same?
Because it's not
that simple, okay?
We can't just run out there
into the forest
and hop into the first tree
that we see!
Why not?
Wha-- Excuse me?
[Fatima] I just--
I-- I'm sorry, Boyd.
I don't wanna be here a second
longer than I have to be.
Even--even if there is
the slightest chance
that this tree can get us home,
what are we waiting for?
- Okay. Everybody just--
- [Ellis] No, no, no.
Dad, Dad, she's right, okay?
We can't just sit here and talk
all day--
Okay! Stop, stop, stop, stop!
No! Listen! Hey, hey, hey!
You're all assuming that this
tree is some kind of magic door.
It's not.
I went through one
of those trees,
and you know
where I ended up?
In a chimney underground.
Damn near killed myself.
- Look.
- You don't--
It wasn't even the tree
that got her out of here.
She said it was
the lighthouse.
Great. Let's just
get to the lighthouse,
and then we'll go home.
- Listen to me, okay?
- No, you fucking listen!
- Dale, come on!
- No, no, no! I've had it!
I've had it!
Had it with your... plans.
I've had it
with your fucking rules!
I wanna go home!
[all murmuring]
[indistinct conversations]
Why didn't you go
to the meeting?
[liquid pours, clatter]
One thing you'll learn
when you're older,
any meeting with more than three
people is basically pointless.
[door opens]
- [Tabitha] Jade?
- That was quick.
[door closes]
[Jade] How'd it go?
[Jim] Uh, uh...
Huh?
Not great.
See?
We're going to the tree.
- Finally.
- Wait. What?
I have nothing to tell them,
Jim. They're right.
I went out. I went out,
and I came back.
And I came back with nothing.
I owe it to them.
[scoffs] You owe?
- Yes.
- Tabitha, you just got back,
and now you wanna
go back out there?
It's not like she's
gonna go in the tree.
- Exactly.
- Would you just stay outta this?
- I wanna go, too.
- No! Nobody is going to a tree.
Jim!
- I need to speak with you...
- Yeah.
...for a minute, please.
[sighs]
You need to think
about what you're doing.
- I am.
- [scoffs]
We thought you were dead.
Your children thought
you were dead.
You think I give a shit
about what you owe
to these people
in a diner?
You owe it to your kids
to be here now.
I'm just gonna show him
where the tree is.
That's all.
I'm not gonna go in.
I'll be back. I promise.
Fine, but Ethan--
he stays here with me.
Do you know he ran off looking
for you when you were gone?
Do you really wanna
take him out there
and show him where the--
the magic tree is?
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Ethan, you're gonna stay here
with your father, okay?
- But I wanna help.
- You're helping by staying here.
I'll be back soon. Let's go.
I'll get my coat.
[door opens]
Dad.
[indistinct conversations]
Hey!
Stop, Dad!
Come on. Hey! Hey!
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
- What?
- We are sitting
on a powder keg in there,
and you and Fatima
are lighting matches.
- She's upset.
- Oh, yeah?
Well, guess what?
We're all fucking upset.
What we need to do
is calm people down.
Okay, or maybe what we need is
for someone around here
to start doing something
instead of sitting around
worrying about what
could go wrong.
Is that what I'm doing?
I'm just--
I'm just sitting around.
Is that it, huh?
Maybe what we need is
to start taking chances.
Oh, you wanna take
some chances. Okay.
Who--who--who you
wanna take a chance on?
Whose life are you willing
to take a chance to gamble on?
You know that's not
what I'm saying.
No, no! Tell me,
'cause I wanna know!
Who we gonna march
out there next?
Huh? Huh?
You wanna do something, right?
So tell me! Who's next?
Who's your pick?!
Exactly.
What happened in there...
is a dangerous thing.
It's a dangerous...
I never realized
all this stuff was down here.
Yeah. Uh,
this is where they store
the surplus of weird.
Oh. Uh, I couldn't
sleep one night,
and, uh, I found this.
Oh, my God.
Oh. This is, like...
It's, like,
the vintage motherlode.
Oh, no. No. It's not
just vintage.
This shit is, uh...
This is '80s vintage.
Can you imagine people
running through the woods
in, like,
fluorescent spandex?
With their big-ass hair
getting caught in the branches?
[laughs]
Oh. Hold on.
Oh. Oh, no way.
[chuckles]
Wait. Wait.
Like, come on.
Hey. Yeah. Hey, that's it.
That's it right there.
[laughs] Yeah, right?
Hey, check this out.
[laughs] Yeah. We're very
post-apocalyptic chic.
Hey.
No. Don't do that.
Oh, shit.
Oh.
Think it still works?
[camera shutter clicks,
whirs]
Oh.
Oh, no. This is mine.
- What?
- Like...
All right.
[camera shutter clicks, whirs]
[laughs]
I'm keeping that. Like--
No. You got one
for yourself.
Hey. Elgin.
[laughing] Come on.
Please?
- You have to come get it, then.
- That's not fair.
[laughter]
s-[door opens]
- [Acosta] Sheriff Boyd?
You got a second?
I wanted to thank you
for what you said in there.
[sighs]
I can't take back what I did.
I know that,
but I think I can help.
Oh, yeah? How's that?
The meeting today...
Look, if you want them
to stop focusing on that tree,
you have to give them
something else to focus on,
a project or...
We had
this really big storm.
It hit the coast last year,
and it flooded half
the town,
knocked out
all the power.
And people were scared.
They were angry.
And so
the precinct captain,
he got everyone out
to sandbag the marina.
Now, the worst of the storm
had already passed,
but it gave people--it gave them
something to focus on.
It made them feel like they
had some sort of control.
I see.
So, you've been here
less than a day,
and already,
you've got the solution.
That's not what
I'm saying. I'm just--
You think I stuck up
for you in there?
You think
we're buddies now?
The one thing I agreed to
was that you didn't belong
in that goddamn room.
- What happened last night--
- You killed someone!
- I--
And you left two people to die
in that ambulance.
- I know!
- One of whom
you handcuffed
to a fucking wall!
- I am sorry.
- Great!
Go be sorry, then.
Try not to kill anybody.
You let me worry about how
to take care of my goddamn town.
Thank you!
[door opens]
Fuck.
[door closes]
God.
♪
[doorknob rattles]
Baby, what are you--
What's going on?
Hey, how did it
go with your dad?
It was fine. What's--
What are you doing?
Uh, I-I was just, uh, checking
the supplies, the crops and--
Hey, hey. Hold on.
Hold on.
What?
What do you want? What?
Okay. Look. I'm trying
to be supportive.
- Okay, so--
- Okay?
And I'm trying--
I'm trying to be patient,
but I-- I need--
You can't help.
- What do you--
- You can't fucking help!
I-- Look, babe.
I don't understand.
- Look! You--
- What do you mean I can't help?
You can't fucking help!
This. This is all
I can keep down.
What?
I think there's something
wrong... with the baby.
wrong with the baby.
[crying] Something's not
right with the baby.
What are you looking at?
Well, uh, there's
a motel sign here.
There's a pool.
Where's the motel?
Are you Victor's dad?
That's right.
You must be Ethan.
Your mom told me
all about you.
Thanks
for bringing her back.
Oh. I didn't...
You're welcome.
I'm going to the barn
to feed the animals.
Wanna come?
Um, sure.
Have you seen Victor yet?
No. I don't think he's
very happy that I'm here.
Why?
For one thing,
he found out I was here,
and he just ran off.
Oh. He does stuff
like that sometimes.
He gets really grumpy.
I don't think
he means to.
You know him
pretty well, huh?
He's my best friend.
[chuckles]
Sometimes,
he gets so grumpy,
he says we can't be
friends anymore.
But I think that's just
'cause he's scared.
What do you think
he's scared of?
That I'm gonna die.
Everyone
he ever loved here died.
I can come with you,
if you want,
up to Colony House.
You don't have to--
What's wrong?
Oh, there's Victor.
Hmm?
It's okay.
Everything's okay.
[wind howling]
♪
Victor?
Victor.
Hey, hey, hey.
No, no, no.
Oh, God.
[sobbing]
I didn't know
how to get home!
I didn't know how
to get home.
Shh. It's okay.
It's okay.
[sobbing]
[continues sobbing]
[footsteps thud]
What are you
doing in here?
Just, um...
I don't know.
Trying to assuage my guilt,
I guess.
What happened last night
wasn't your fault,
and I'm sorry I wasn't
more supportive at the meeting.
People have a right
to ask questions.
I'm just tired of being
the guy without any answers.
[chuckles]
Something about that
funny to you?
[chuckles]
Sorry. It's just,
you sound like
my sister.
She was always...
[sighs]
She was someone
who tried so hard
to make everything right,
and she always ended up
feeling like she was wrong.
- Huh.
- Hmm.
The way everyone's
acting in there,
it's like they wanna go home
and you don't.
You're trying to keep people
from doing something stupid.
I just want you to know that
I'll have your back next time.
Yeah. Thank you.
- [glass clinking]
- [Jade grunting]
[Jade] Come on.
Oh, goddamn it! Ugh!
Hey, I don't suppose
you wanna climb up here
and maybe help me--
They're just numbers.
Ah. No, no, no,
but look. Look.
Every single slip of paper
has four numbers on it, right?
Uh-huh.
What if they're
not just numbers?
What if they're dates?
This one says 2659.
[sighs] I don't know, Jade.
Maybe Jim's right.
How do we know that
everything that-- I--
I saw your freaky kids,
you know.
Really? Where?
Down in the tunnels.
I went down there
the day you...
I was hoping to find
something to help Julie.
Instead, I saw this.
Turns out it wasn't a symbol.
It was a hole in the ceiling,
and these slashes
were roots.
Huh.
And those kids--they were
laid out on slabs of stone,
repeating that word
over and over again.
Anghkooey.
When I tell you
I felt fear in that moment
like I've never felt
in my life...
But there was also this--
this glimpse
of something that--that I knew
was there but I couldn't--
even with all
the fucking horror,
it was like,
for the first time,
I felt like there
were threads
that were finally
starting to connect.
Connect how?
I don't know.
Piecing this together,
it's like, it's, uh,
it's like trying
to grab hold of water.
It just...
These numbers
in these bottles,
they might
seem like this tree.
There is no denying
what this tree did,
and the fact that
someone took the time
to put
these bottles here,
these numbers here...
It only looks like chaos
until you understand
the pattern.
[whistle]
So, this is
the mysterious tree, huh?
[chuckles] Fuck me.
Bottles are a nice touch.
What are you doing here?
This is it?
I just--
just go in here?
I--I really--I wouldn't
do that if I were you.
Well, you're not me,
and that's why
you're gonna be sitting here
with your thumb up your ass
while I'm back home figuring out
how to get help
for everybody back here.
See, that's what
a smart person would do.
Dale. Dale! Dale. Hey.
Dale. Dale.
Look.
Somebody's gotta try, right?
It's okay. You guys can
thank me later.
Look, Boyd. If you need
anything, just, you know, just--
[people screaming]
[woman] He's over here!
[man 1] Yeah!
Someone's over here!
[man 2] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right, everybody.
Everyone just back up.
Move back. Back up.
[whispering] Oh, Jesus.
[gurgling, choking]
- [exhaling]
- [choking]
[choking]
- Okay.
- [gurling, choking]
Um... Oh, sh--
[whimpering, choking]
- Can you help him?
- [whimpering, choking]
Shh. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me--
- [groans]
- [whimpers]
Let me, uh...
[whimpering, choking]
I'm sorry, Dale.
I'm so sorry
this happened to you.
[choking]
Oh, fuck.
Uh... uh...
♪
[cocks gun]
[choking]
[women crying]
[ominous music plays]
Okay. All right.
Who's--who's next, huh?
Still wanna go
through the tree?
Go ahead, then!
Who the fuck is next?!
Huh?!
You think I wanna do this?!
You think I wanna
be the one who...
I am trying
to keep you alive!
Don't you see that?!
I can't help you
if you don't let me!
I can't...
Hey.
[inhales sharply]
♪